how to do a new project with repo on github:

1. Make the repo on GitHub.
2. Create a new Java project in eclipse in the workspace where it will be worked on, but make the folder stay in the Git folder
	and make sure it is a Java project, not just project etc
3. Open git bash and cd to the new folder just created by eclipse (cd <hittab>)
4. run "git init"
5. run "git remote add origin https://github.com/Joapple/My-Project" replacing the My-Project with the case sensitive name of project on repo, 
	should also match the folder from eclipse for best results etc
6. Now, almost done, run "git pull origin master" and that will pull all the files from git to the eclipse folder.
7. (Optional I think) open git desktop app and check to see if the repo shows up, if not, don't worry about it
8. Open eclipse again, then right click on the project(it will still be blank with no changes at this point) and
	do Team --> "Share Project..." and just click finish, don't edit any settings here!
9. Let eclipse derp out for as long as it need to, once done, you should either end up with build path errors to fix if making repo from scratch,
	or you don't have the libraries in place etc, or you will have a happy little repo sitting in eclipse ready to go. At this point,
	after any errors are fixed, you're up-to-date with upstream or even ahead now that you've changed settings etc to fix things. 
	Now you can code and change stuff, then once done:
10. Refresh the project in eclipse to ensure background eclipsy stuff is done, then do Team --> "Commit..." and a new window will show up
	on the bottom of the tab windows next to console and problems tabs. Leave it there etc, in this window there is the first commit
	file list and the staged files, to make sure you actually upload all changed files, before committing, right click the entire repo in eclipse
	and do Team --> "Add to index". If done correctly, you'll see the unstaged files move down a window into the staged files list.
	Now you're ready to enter commit description(I don't see the message part, so shrug lol). Then press "Commit and push" button, and let it work.
11. Profit???